Hello everyone
Today I have the Disney Frozen Sparkling Paper
Dolls
That comes with Queen Elsa and Princess Anna
And of course Olaf
Elsa comes with this beautiful dress
And Anna comes with this beautiful dress
And see how sparkly the snowflakes are
Okay the first thing it comes with is this
beautiful background
And you can see Queen Elsa's palace way back
there
Very Pretty
And Elsa
And her stand is a little tricky
You want to put the left one here
And you want to put the right one here
And in the back you want to criss-cross them
Like that
Making it a triangle that allows her to stand
up
They already look so pretty and we haven't
even dressed them up yet
Lets do Elsa first because she comes with
this beautiful dress
This beautiful sparkly dress
That you just punch out
An put on
And I think I'll go with the
Gold
Crown or tiara
And now its Anna's turn
To put on her beautiful sparkly dress
And again it just punches out
This is the skirt
And this is the top
They both look so pretty
I almost forgot Anna's necklace
Anna looks so pretty
Elsa looks so pretty too
But Anna has decided she would like to go
out in the snow with Olaf
So she's going to change
She'll be right back
Olaf looks happy that she came outside to
play with him in the snow
Thanks for watching
Bye